[Music]
Hello friends of the channel,
how are you, my
dearest lovers of
salsa. And well, this news wasn't a
surprise either. I don't think we'll
probably have, especially during
the first few weeks, quite a few headlines
similar to today's. No, Alexia is up there
slamming Rocío Flores in her new position. It
's already noon on the show.
Fresh
is there for that, literally. He has
literally managed to stay on
TV criticizing the Florea family. And
these people, no, I mean, literally. I think
that in some way, Telecinco is
rewarding the people who have been critical
of the Flores family. It's like they're
giving you a prize. No, thank you for
your loyalty. In fact, remember that
Miguel Frigenti himself
acknowledged that he was thankful for defending the
Carrasco family, not Rocío Carrasco, but
Fidel, thank you for taking a stand there.
He acknowledged, apart from the fact that he had
done it for that, he acknowledged that they had
given him more days in custody.
So after Miguel confronts and
acknowledges this on set, we can now
know that all of these new
jobs.  that are dating
are for the same reason no
alexia up top she starts criticizing rocio
flores saying
that on the day of the final I went to congratulate
olga moreno because she was my partner
and rocio flores turned her face away from me and of course
rude of rocio flores no alexia
that it won't be because you're throwing
[ __ ] about her family for example what
you want is for people to be false
with you no alex to alex and alexa is this
that alex to alexa who is rocio flores
according to wikipedia carrasco mohedano is a
television presenter and collaborator
well the fact is that alexa for
such already believes that everyone is going to
be false she doesn't tell us there I went to
congratulate olga moreno because she was
my partner and if she was your partner
why do you put her down in exchange for in
exchange for an easy applause or don't you
remember in the last gala and in the
last debate also how you started to
throw barbs like for example a is that
the whole program is talking about
rosa carrasco when in  lie so
maybe that's why your
face turns around when you greet me Alexia I
don't know it seems to me it's a little bit like
you're acting like a Swede but no no no there's
nothing Swedish about you in fact she knows very well what you're
talking about no and well and Alexia will also
have to face
Marta López in a few days with whom she will
coincide I sincerely believe that they are not
going to have problems because
the truth is that Marta López is
quite weakly attracted to the whole thing about the
past and all that she handles it quite well
from my point of view and that was seen in
Survivor on the other hand Rocío Flores
and receiving brutal harassment on networks
from people and insulting her
people calling her everything I mean Punta
Gorda whale anything goes you can see it
in the video that Lapidario uploaded I
think it's incredible I think
this is that the funniest thing about this are
people who are supposed to defend the
fight for women not feminism of course I
mean because even Rocío Carrasco has
had a very unfair life they already pick up
the daughter and  the stone throwing not like for example
a tweet I bet and canarión that already well
this guy already announced the
flores families that he is going to be sued no in
fact they already taught me that they have to be
who we go that they have his identity
and so on no and this guy has posted there is
a tweet saying how good that the
rumor is that Rocío Flores could
participate in secret history although I
think that rumor is not true I do not believe
that Rocío Flores is going to participate in
that program the truth but well and if she
participates well look but how good
canario says in the tweet that she should prepare
because they are going to give her a hard time that's it he is already
like warning her to
prepare that we are going to go after her from all sides and
also he says and there we are going to see her
true face
hello rocio flores was
in
survivors that I think is the
reality show where the most carnitas in the raisins
and where you can bring out the worst side of
people be survivor a place where you go
hungry you have no hygiene and you have to
defecate in front of your classmates the
same if we did not see her true face
in that program I do not think we will
see it in one where she was on the couch
Tila another day didn't ask, it's
my things, it's that maybe I'm very
fussy and well, I'll be reading the
comments box, I send a
huge hug and I'll see you in the next video,
a hug family
[Music]